Josephine Wang studies course 6-3 (Computer science and engineering) at MIT. She is class of 2027. She might also be interested in pursuing a double major in math. At MIT, Josephine is part of Arcturus, the autonomous robotics team. They are working on building an autonomous, self-navigating boat for the RoboBoat competition. Josephine is a programmer on the team, which means she programs the boat to navigate, auto-dock, avoid obstacles, etc. She has simulated LiDAR scanning via Python in ROS2 Humble to create an automated boat that avoids buoys and auto-docks. She has also recorded and transferred acoustic tracking data to MOOS-IvP via Linux, facilitating the localization of the transmitter with respect to the global frame. Josephine learned Linux at Arcturus. Josephine also did research at MIT. One of her research projects was with the Tenenbaum Computational and Cognitive Science Lab. She studied pattern recognition on adults, children, and primates. Josephine developed a Bayesian inference model using Gen in Julia to perform hierarchical logistic regression on primate pattern learning data, inferring parameters via Metropolis-Hastings sampling that calculate the probability that two primates being trained on spatial patterns are learning. She also analyzed and modeled spatiotemporal pattern recognition in children and primates with Pandas and Matplotlib to identify indicators of learning. On the weekend, Josephine would go to the Boston Children's Museum for a few hours to collect data about pattern learning from children. Josephine work on another research project with the Motor Control Group, where she optimized parameters in an infant locomotion model using gradient descent in PyTorch to investigate whether infant locomotion is destination-driven or peregration-driven. Infants were recorded walking in two rooms, one with toys and one without toys. Josephine fit the cumulative area explored into logarithmic and logistic curves to find what model best fit the data. She analyzed and modeled infant location, velocity, and cumulative area explored using Pandas and Matplotlib. Fit data to logarithmic and logistic curves with SciPy to compare infant movement patterns in rooms with and without toys. In the summer of 2024, Josephine interned at Acoris, a company that creates digital products and human or object identifiers for access control, auto-payment, accounting systems, and more. Josephine was an AI/ML Engineer at Acoris. She built two AI chatbots using React.js and Node.js to improve customer engagement and sales efficiency. Integrated the chatbots by creating an embeddable React widget with Webpack. She wrote a keyword finder and customer segmentation algorithm with spaCy, multilingual BERT, and PyTorch to categorize European companies for targeted marketing campaigns and enhance SEO. She worked on developing the backend for an AI-powered workflow automation tool via Django and RAG with LangChain to leverage LLMs and streamline AI assistant integration across various platforms. Josephine was very self-directed and got to choose her own projects because the company did not have anyone specialized in AI. A project Josephine spent her highschool years on that she is very proud of is ScioVirtual. ScioVirtual is an organization that provides mentorship in STEM for students. ScioVirtual has a summer camp every year where students around the nation form teams and compete in science challenges while taking courses. Josephine co-founded ScioVirtual and raised $65,000+ for COVID-19 and hunger relief. There have been over 6000 registrations, 300 instructors, and 50 partnered schools. Josephine developed the ScioVirtual website (sciovirtual.org) using Figma, Webflow and HTML/CSS. She trained executive team members and instructors, managed registrations and emails, and managed a STEM summer camp for students grades 4-9. She conducted user-centered research to improve course content and logistics, increasing average course ratings by 24%. Josephine spent four years working on ScioVirtual. She loves teaching children. Josephine has also tutored students in highschool, taught courses with ScioVirtual, taught at her Chinese School, taught science in Kazakhstan, and attended a summer program in the summer of 2023 where she travelled to Taiwan to teach English to students in the mountains. Josephine believes in affordable and quality education for everyone, no matter what country. Teaching is one of Josephine's passions. Josephine is also passionate about art. She has an art portfolio and enjoys using acrylic paint, color pencil, sketch, and making digital art. Art is something that Josephine likes to do in her free time. In college, she has a gouache paint kit and likes to paint with friends. Josephine's favorite food is sushi. Her favorite dessert is macarons. She loves macarons from Trader Joe's. Josephine also loves travelling, and has participated in MISTI, MIT's work or study abroad program, twice. In the winter, she went to Kazakhstan to teach at an international school called Haileybury Almaty. Josephine taught biology and computational modeling. She ran wet labs where students cultured bacteria and tested antibiotics. She taught students to use open-source Jmol to model proteins. Josephine has experience with wet labs at the Summer Science Program, where she developed inhibitors for Cdc14 in Alternaria alternata, a plant fungus that causes agricultural yield losses, using PyMol, Molecular Operating Environment, and SnapGene. Optimization of inhibitors increased affinity for Cdc14 by 32%, decreasing fungal growth. Josephine did USA Biology Olympiad in high school and scored top 50 in the nation. She was also captain of her school's Science Olympiad team. Josephine's internship at Acoris this summer is also part of the MISTI program. She is working in Lithuania. Josephine loves travelling. She has been to Taiwan, Japan, Canada, Kazakhstan, Turkey, Lithuania, Denmark, and Switzerland. Josephine hopes to travel more in the future. Josephine has a publication. She co-authored sections on embodied cognition, tactile perception, and general neuroscience in the textbook "Somatosensory Facts" by Charles Pidgeon, PhD. She also illustrated the diagrams in the textbook. Josephine is interested in software engineering and machine learning. Her favorite pizza topping is pineapple. Josephine likes to go by Josie.